Create 2019-12-01-countdown-to-the-new-year-ember-sortable.md (#365)
ember-learn/ember-blog: source/2019-12-01-countdown-to-the-new-year-ember-sortable.md

---
title: Countdown to The New Year: Ember Sortable
author: Melanie Sumner
tags: 2019, Addons, DecEmber
alias: 2019-12-01-countdown-to-the-new-year-ember-sortable.md
responsive: true
---

> <b>This is the first in our DecEmber series- <i>"Countdown to The New Year: 31 Days of Ember Addons"</i>.  We plan to highlight a new addon each day until the new year, and we hope you'll join us for the fun!</b>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**This is the first in our DecEmber series- <span style="font-style: italic;">"Countdown to The New Year: 31 Days of Ember Addons"</span>. We plan to highlight a new addon each day until the new year, and we hope you'll join us for the fun!**
```

Unfortunately `<b>` and `<i>` don't work in the repo. This is what's been working for me

## Day 1

To kick things off, we're going to look at [ember-sortable](https://emberobserver.com/addons/ember-sortable). 

### What It Does

The `ember-sortable` addon provides sortable UI primitives for Ember apps- this is super useful in the sense that teams don't have to reinvent this very common pattern every time they need it for their own applications! 

### Why I Like It

> While the ember-sortable addon has been around for some time now, providing a consistent way to add drag and drop functionality to an Ember app, it is the most recent additions that have made this addon especially worth paying attention to. [Yicheng Gong](https://github.com/ygongdev), a software engineer at LinkedIn, noticed that the addon was missing accessibility support. He took on the work via the [Adopted Ember Addons org](https://github.com/adopted-ember-addons/), and updated the addon to add the missing features! 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While the ember-sortable addon has been around for some time now, providing a consistent way to add drag and drop functionality to an Ember app, it is the most recent additions that have made this addon especially worth paying attention to. [Yicheng Gong @ygongdev](https://github.com/ygongdev), a software engineer at LinkedIn, noticed that the addon was missing accessibility support. He took on the work via the [Adopted Ember Addons org](https://github.com/adopted-ember-addons/), and updated the addon to add the missing features! 
```

We've been using this style on the Ember Times, seems helpful for folks that are known by their handle or the other way around, known by their name. Feel free to ignore though!

> While the ember-sortable addon has been around for some time now, providing an consistent way to add drag and drop functionality to an Ember app, it is the most recent additions that have made this addon especially worth paying attention to. [Yicheng Gong](https://github.com/ygongdev), a software engineer at LinkedIn, noticed that the addon, while popular, was missing accessibility support. The addon ended up making its way to the [Adopted Ember Addons org](https://github.com/adopted-ember-addons/), a place where addons can obtain new maintainers and support. 

Reviewer 2: "providing an consistent" should be "providing a consistent"

Reviewer 2: This first sentence is a bit difficult to understand on first read. Can we simplify it or break it down into a couple of sentences?

Author: Sure!
